You guys are really good at spitting
As expected of the stupid dad who had an affair
No wonder my son is also a wimp
Sure enough, there is a wife
child
So you are the one who cheated on Xiaoyue's feelings.
Do you know what you missed?
What else could you miss?
Miss this wimp?
Let's put it this way.
Mr. Yun will be ten thousand times better than him
He's just a garbage guy selling barbecues.
I also regret dumping them long ago
You people
One does the math.
Be responsible for your own words
Will you shut up with me?
Isn't your lyricism bad enough?
It's still here.
You want to die, we don't want to die yet
Bohai Sea
I'll give you a chance to destroy all the soldiers
What about the past?
I'll pretend it never happened.
Ok, thank you Mr. Gao
No.
No, I'm begging you.
Miss
Mr. Jiang let me come
I'm here to kill this little trash surnamed Wan
Now I'll kill him.
What's the difference between destroying his family?
But no but come
The following scenario is not suitable for handover
Somebody take him in
You used to be our lady, Zhao Yun.
This time I want to see how you die
Secretary General Su Jiahui
strong action